Update scenario-desktop-acquire-token-wam.md (#107791)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory/develop/scenario-desktop-acquire-token-wam.md

## WAM value proposition

Using an authentication broker such as WAM has numerous benefits.

- Enhanced security. See [token protection](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-token-protection)
- Better support for Windows Hello, Conditional Access and FIDO keys
- Integration with Windows' "Email and Accounts" view
- Better Single Sign-On 
- Ability to sign-in silently with the current Windows account
- Most bug fixes and enhancements will be shipped with Windows

## WAM limitations

- Available on Win10+ and Win Server 2019+. On Mac, Linux, and earlier versions of Windows, MSAL will automatically fall back to a browser.
- B2C and ADFS authorities aren't supported. MSAL will fall back to a browser.

## WAM calling pattern

You can use the following pattern to use WAM.

```csharp
    // 1. Configuration - read below about redirect URI
    var pca = PublicClientApplicationBuilder.Create("client_id")

>                     .WithBroker(new BrokerOptions(BrokerOptions.OperatingSystems.Windows))

Reviewer: Where do we explain how to use/configure the broker options?

Author: We don't. We hope it's self explanatory. All the options there are advanced scenarions.

# Desktop app that calls web APIs: Acquire a token using WAM

MSAL is able to call Web Account Manager (WAM), a Windows 10+ component that ships with the OS. This component acts as an authentication broker and users of your app benefit from integration with accounts known from Windows, such as the account you signed-in with in your Windows session.

## WAM value proposition

Using an authentication broker such as WAM has numerous benefits.

- Enhanced security. See [token protection](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-token-protection)
- Better support for Windows Hello, Conditional Access and FIDO keys
- Integration with Windows' "Email and Accounts" view
- Better Single Sign-On 

> - Ability to sign-in silently with the current Windows account

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ability to sign in silently with the current Windows account
```
Fixing hyphenation

- Most bug fixes and enhancements will be shipped with Windows

## WAM limitations

> - Available on Win10+ and Win Server 2019+. On Mac, Linux, and earlier versions of Windows, MSAL will automatically fall back to a browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Available on Windows 10 and later and on Windows Server 2019 and later. On Mac, Linux, and earlier versions of Windows, MSAL will automatically fall back to a browser.
```
Fixing terminology

- B2C and ADFS authorities aren't supported. MSAL will fall back to a browser.

## WAM integration package

> Most apps will need to reference `Microsoft.Identity.Client.Broker` package to use this integration. MAUI apps are not required to do this, the functionality is inside MSAL when targetting `net6-windows` and above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most apps will need to reference `Microsoft.Identity.Client.Broker` package to use this integration. MAUI apps are not required to do this; the functionality is inside MSAL when the target is `net6-windows` and later.
```
Fixing typo, terminology
